README.md, before:



## BASIC OUTLINE

- Add Landing Page
- Add Campgrounds Page that lists all campgrounds
- Each Campground has:
  1. Name	
  2. Image

### Layout and Basic Styling

- Create our header and footer partials
- Add in Bootstrap

### Creating New Campgrounds

- Setup new campground POST Route
- Add in body-parser
- Setup route to show form
- Add basic unstyle form

### Style the campgrounds page

- Add a better header/title
- Make campgrounds display in a grid

### Style the Navbar and Form

- Add a navbar to all templates
- Style the new campground form

## SETTING UP Mongo as Database

### Add Mongoose

- Install and configure mongoose
- Setup campground model
- Use campground model inside of our routes!

### Show Page

- Review a restful route we have seen so far
- Add description to our campground model
- Show db.collection.drop()
- Add a show rooute/template

## Refactor mongoose code

- Create a models directry
- Use module exports
- Require everything correctly

### Add Seeds File

- Add a seeds.js file
- Run the seeds file every time the server starts

### Add a comment model!
- Make our errors go away
- Display comments on the campground page

## Create New/Create
- Discuss nested route
- Add the comment new and create route
- Add the new comment form

## Style show page
- Add sidebar to show page
- Display comment nicely

## Authentication 

### Add user Model
- Install all packages needed for auth
- Define user model

### Register
- configure Passport
- Add register route
- Add register template

### Login
- Add login routes 
- Add login templates

### Logout
- Add logout route
- Prevent User from adding a comment if not signin
- Add links to navbar
- Show hide auth links correctly

## Refactor the routes 
- Basically make our app.js simple and smaller so that its easy to understand

## Users+ comment
- Associate users and comment
- Save author's name to a comment automatically

Commit message:

Change Schema model of Campgrounds to Relate the campgrounds with user ID and thereby make necessary changes in other related file

README.md, after:



## BASIC OUTLINE

- Add Landing Page
- Add Campgrounds Page that lists all campgrounds
- Each Campground has:
  1. Name	
  2. Image

### Layout and Basic Styling

- Create our header and footer partials
- Add in Bootstrap

### Creating New Campgrounds

- Setup new campground POST Route
- Add in body-parser
- Setup route to show form
- Add basic unstyle form

### Style the campgrounds page

- Add a better header/title
- Make campgrounds display in a grid

### Style the Navbar and Form

- Add a navbar to all templates
- Style the new campground form

## SETTING UP Mongo as Database

### Add Mongoose

- Install and configure mongoose
- Setup campground model
- Use campground model inside of our routes!

### Show Page

- Review a restful route we have seen so far
- Add description to our campground model
- Show db.collection.drop()
- Add a show rooute/template

## Refactor mongoose code

- Create a models directry
- Use module exports
- Require everything correctly

### Add Seeds File

- Add a seeds.js file
- Run the seeds file every time the server starts

### Add a comment model!
- Make our errors go away
- Display comments on the campground page

## Create New/Create
- Discuss nested route
- Add the comment new and create route
- Add the new comment form

## Style show page
- Add sidebar to show page
- Display comment nicely

## Authentication 

### Add user Model
- Install all packages needed for auth
- Define user model

### Register
- configure Passport
- Add register route
- Add register template

### Login
- Add login routes 
- Add login templates

### Logout
- Add logout route
- Prevent User from adding a comment if not signin
- Add links to navbar
- Show hide auth links correctly

## Refactor the routes 
- Basically make our app.js simple and smaller so that its easy to understand

## Link User and Comments
- Associate users and comment
- Save author's name to a comment automatically

## Link Users and campground
- Prevent the unauthorised user from creating a campground
- Save username + id to newly created campground
